Clarify what happens if one activates a project without instantiating it (#3100)
JuliaLang/Pkg.jl: docs/src/environments.md

If the project contains a manifest, this will install the packages in the same state that is given by that manifest.
Otherwise, it will resolve the latest versions of the dependencies compatible with the project.

Note that `activate` by itself does not install missing dependencies.

> In particular, if you attempt to import a package listed as a dependency in the project file, Julia will throw an error if this package is not already installed in the local depot.
> If the package is installed, but there is a manifest file, Julia will only load it if it finds an installed version matching the version listed in the manifest file.
> For this reason, `instantiate` is also needed in this example, since it will install all dependencies locally and in the versions required by the environment manifest file, if one is present.
> If the dependencies are already installed, `instantiate` does nothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only have a `Project.toml` a `Manifest.toml` must be generated by "resolving" the environment, then any misssing packages must be installed and precompiled. `instantiate` does all this for you.

If you already have a resolved `Manifest.toml`, then you will still need to ensure that the packages are installed etc. Again `instantiate` does this for you.

In short, `instantiate` is your friend to make sure an environment is ready to use. If there's nothing to do, `instantiate` does nothing.
```

If the project contains a manifest, this will install the packages in the same state that is given by that manifest.
Otherwise, it will resolve the latest versions of the dependencies compatible with the project.

Note that `activate` by itself does not install missing dependencies.

> If you only have a `Project.toml` a `Manifest.toml` must be generated by "resolving" the environment, then any misssing packages must be installed and precompiled. `instantiate` does all this for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only have a `Project.toml`, a `Manifest.toml` must be generated by "resolving" the environment, then any missing packages must be installed and precompiled. `instantiate` does all this for you.
```

> If you already have a resolved `Manifest.toml`, then you will still need to ensure that the packages are installed etc. Again `instantiate` does this for you.

Author: ```suggestion
If you already have a resolved `Manifest.toml`, then you will still need to ensure that the packages are installed and with the correct versions. Again `instantiate` does this for you.
```

In short, `instantiate` is your friend to make sure an environment is ready to use. If there's nothing to do, `instantiate` does nothing.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
